README.md, before:

# Leland music fonts

This repository contains the **Leland music fonts, Version 0.5**.

## About the fonts

The Leland music fonts (Leland & Leland Text), Version 0.5 are available in Type 1, OpenType-CFF format. They are distributed under the [SIL Open Font License (OFL), Version 1.1](./LICENSE.txt).

The fonts have been initially developed for MuseScore (https://www.musescore.org) music composition software.

Leland is compliant with [Standard Music Font Layout (SMuFL)](https://w3c.github.io/smufl/gitbook/), which provides a standard way of mapping the thousands of musical symbols required by conventional music notation into the Private Use Area in Unicode's Basic Multilingual Plane for a single (format-independent) font.

The font is named after [Leland Smith](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leland_Smith), creator of the [SCORE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SCORE_(software)) music notation software.

## Installation

Leland is included with MuseScore 3.6 and later, so no further installation is required to use it in MuseScore.

To use the font in Dorico (1.0.20 and later), the `metadata.json` file needs to be copied to the following location:

__Windows__: `C:\Program Files\Common Files\SMuFL\Fonts\leland\leland.json`  
__Mac__: `/Library/Application Support/SMuFL/Fonts/leland/leland.json`  
__Linux__: `/usr/share/SMuFL/Fonts/leland/leland.json`

To use the font with other applications, install the .otf font files in your OS in the usual way.

Commit message:

Clarify lack of Sibelius and Finale compatibility

README.md, after:

# Leland music fonts

This repository contains the **Leland music fonts, Version 0.5**.

## About the fonts

The Leland music fonts (Leland & Leland Text), Version 0.5 are available in Type 1, OpenType-CFF format. They are distributed under the [SIL Open Font License (OFL), Version 1.1](./LICENSE.txt).

The fonts have been initially developed for MuseScore (https://www.musescore.org) music composition software.

Leland is compliant with [Standard Music Font Layout (SMuFL)](https://w3c.github.io/smufl/gitbook/), which provides a standard way of mapping the thousands of musical symbols required by conventional music notation into the Private Use Area in Unicode's Basic Multilingual Plane for a single (format-independent) font.

The font is named after [Leland Smith](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leland_Smith), creator of the [SCORE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SCORE_(software)) music notation software.

## Installation

Leland is included with MuseScore 3.6 and later, so no further installation is required to use it in MuseScore.

To use the font in Dorico (1.0.20 and later), the `metadata.json` file needs to be copied to the following location:

__Windows__: `C:\Program Files\Common Files\SMuFL\Fonts\leland\leland.json`  
__Mac__: `/Library/Application Support/SMuFL/Fonts/leland/leland.json`  
__Linux__: `/usr/share/SMuFL/Fonts/leland/leland.json`

To use the font with other applications, install the .otf font files in your OS in the usual way. Note that this font does **not** yet work in Sibelius or Finale as they do not have support for SMuFL fonts. (A Sibelius-specific version is in development.)
